Promscale manual deploy docs using pre-built binary. (#362)
timescale/promscale: docs/binary.md

You can download pre-built binaries for the Promscale
Connector [on our release page](https://github.com/timescale/promscale/releases).

Downlaod Promscale

```
curl -L -o promscale https://github.com/timescale/promscale/releases/download/<VERSION>/<PROMSCALE_DISTRIBUTION>
```

Grant executable permissions to Promscale:

```
chmod +x promscale
```

To deploy Promscale, run the following command:
```
./promscale --db-name <DBNAME> --db-password <DB-Password> --db-ssl-mode allow
```
Note that the flags `db-name` and `db-password` refer to the name and password of your TimescaleDB database.

> Further note that the command above is to deploy Promscale with SSL mode disabled. To deploy Promscale with SSL mode enabled, configure your TimescaleDB instance with ssl certificates and drop the `--db-ssl-mode` flag.  Promscale will then authenticate via SSL by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further note that the command above is to deploy Promscale with SSL mode being allowed but not required. To deploy Promscale with SSL mode enabled, configure your TimescaleDB instance with ssl certificates and drop the `--db-ssl-mode` flag.  Promscale will then authenticate via SSL by default.
```

> Further note that the command above is to deploy Promscale with SSL mode being allowed but not required. To deploy Promscale with SSL mode enabled, configure your TimescaleDB instance with ssl certificates and drop the `--db-ssl-mode` flag.  Promscale will then authenticate via SSL by default.

Author: I assume we have two modes of auth here 1. with `ssl` 2. without `ssl` by default promscale tries to authenticate in SSL mode. If the user has installed timescaleDB with SSL certificates then default promscale installation should work. As here we are skipping SSL configuration in timescaleDB we are explicitly mentioning the significance of the `db-ssl-mode` flag. And the cli doc also refers to the same flag with the same info.

> We recommend installing the [promscale](https://github.com/timescale/promscale_extension/releases)

Reviewer 2: I wonder how useful this is, given that promscale does that itself.

Author: I agree with this. Maybe @cevian can answer this.

Reviewer: Promscale needs to be available in the database installation.

30 minutes. This is necessary to execute maintenance tasks such as enforcing
data retention policies according to the configured policy.

Copy the code snippet from the file [docs/scripts/prom-execute-maintenance.sh](/docs/scripts/prom-execute-maintenance.sh) and add the database password in place of `<PASSWORD>`.

Create an other script with the code snippet from the file [docs/scripts/install-crontab.sh](/docs/scripts/install-crontab.sh) and make sure to configure the absolute path to `prom-execute-maintenance.sh` in the script. This script will create a crontab for the above defined task.

Then, grant executable privileges to both files:

```
chmod +x prom-execute-maintenance.sh
chmod +x install-crontab.sh
```

> Running compress crontab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the cron job:
```

30 minutes. This is necessary to execute maintenance tasks such as enforcing
data retention policies according to the configured policy.

Add the below code snippet to the file `prom-execute-maintenance.sh` and add the database password in place of `<PASSWORD>`:

> ```

Reviewer: can we add this script to the /scripts subdir?

#/bin/sh
export PGPASSWORD=<PASSWORD>
psql --host localhost --port 5432 --dbname postgres --user postgres -c 'CALL prom_api.execute_maintenance();'
```

Create an other script with the below code snippet to the file `install-crontab.sh` This script will create a crontab for the above defined task:

> ```

Reviewer: can we add this script to the github repo instead of as just docs?

#/bin/sh

> echo "0,30 * * * * ./prom-execute-maintenance.sh" | crontab -

Reviewer: hmm not sure where the prom-execute-maintenance.sh should be but I think crontab can't use relative subdirectories (`./`) like this.

Author: We will let the user add the absolute path to the script.
